[IMP] ecommerce/categories: update category creation (#17504)
odoo/documentation: content/applications/websites/ecommerce/configuration/prices.rst

hiding prices.

To control price visibility and prevent direct online sales on the e-commerce site, go to
:menuselection:`Website --> Configuration --> Settings`, scroll down to the :guilabel:`eCommerce`
section, and enable :guilabel:`Hide Add To Cart`.

Then, select one of the following options from the :guilabel:`For` drop-down list to define which
products are affected:

- For :guilabel:`0 price products`: On the :ref:`product form <ecommerce/products/product-creation>`,
  set the price to `0` for all desired products, or create a :ref:`pricelist
  <ecommerce/prices/pricelists>` where all product prices are set to `0`. The price is then **not**
  displayed on the :doc:`product page <../ecommerce_design/product_page>`.

  .. note::
     Ensure the pricelist is assigned to the correct website and is listed first among the website's
     pricelists.

- For :guilabel:`Specific categories`: If you select this option, the :guilabel:`Categories` submenu
  appears. Select **at least one** product :ref:`category
  <ecommerce/categories_variants/categories>` from the drop-down menu. Prices for these categories

>   are only displayed if the product price is greater than `0`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- For :guilabel:`Specific categories`: Select one or more product :ref:`categories <ecommerce/categories_variants/categories>` from the :guilabel:`Categories` drop-down menu that appears. At least one category **must** be selected. The price is only displayed for products in these categories if it is **not** `0`.
```

> Next, enter a redirect URL in the :guilabel:`Link URL` field. The :guilabel:`Add to Cart` button

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Then, enter a redirect URL in the :guilabel:`Link URL` field. The :guilabel:`Add to Cart` button
```
